[instrumental music]
♪ Du tu ru tu ru
tu ru tu ru ♪
♪ Tu ru tu ru tu ru ♪
♪ Bum para para ♪
♪ Tu ru tu ru ♪
♪ Bum para bum para ahh ♪
♪ Bum para para-a-a
bum para bum para ahh ♪
[hissing]
♪ Paa ra ta ra ra ♪
♪ Pa rata ra
rata rata rata ra ♪
♪ Bum para ♪
♪ Para para ♪
♪ Bum param param param ♪
♪ Para para ahh ♪
♪ Para para ♪
♪ Bum para ♪
♪ Bum para ♪♪
♪ Tu ru tutu ru ru ru.. ♪♪
No, no, no, no.
We're done. We're done.
[theme music]
♪ So no one told you
life was gonna be this way ♪
♪ Your job's a joke
you're broke ♪
♪ Your love life's DOA ♪
♪ It's like you're always
stuck in second gear ♪
♪ Well it hasn't been your day ♪
♪ Your week your month
or even your year ♪
♪ But I'll be there for you ♪
♪ When the rain
starts to pour ♪
♪ I'll be there for you ♪
♪ Like I've been there before ♪
♪ 'Cause you're there
for me too ♪♪
Aunt Syl, stop yelling.
All I'm saying is,
if you had told me
vegetarian lasagna
I would have made
vegetarian lasagna.
Well, the-the meat's
only every third layer.
May-maybe you could scrape.
Ross, did you really read
all these baby books?
Yep, you could plunk me down
in the middle of
any woman's uterus
no compass..
...and I could find my way
out of there like that.
Ooh, this is cool.
It says, "In some parts
of the world
"people actually eat
the placenta."
And we're done
with the yogurt.
Sorry.
Aunt Syl, I did this
as a favor.
I am not a caterer.
What do you want me to do
with a dozen lasagnas?
Nice talk, Aunt Syl.
You kiss Uncle Freddie
with that mouth?
Hey, Ross. Listen.
Do you know
that right now
your baby
is only this big?
This is your baby.
Hi, daddy.
Hello.
How come you don't
live with mommy?
How come mommy lives
with that other lady?
What's a lesbian?
[speaking in Italian]
Honey, you can say it.
You can..
Poconos. Poconos.
It's like poke-a-nose.
Ah, poke-a-nose.
Hmm.
(together)
Blah, blah, blah.
So did I hear Poconos?
Yes, my sister's giving us
her place for the weekend.
Whoo-hoo.
First weekend away together.
- Yeah, that's a big step.
- 'I know.'
Oh, it's just a weekend.
Big deal.
Wasn't this just supposed
to be a fling, huh?
Shouldn't it be..
...flung by now?
I mean, we are way past
the fling thing.
I mean, I am feeling things
that I've only read about
in Danielle Steel books,
you know?
I mean, when I'm with him,
I'm just totally, totally..
Nauseous. I'm
physically nauseous.
What am I supposed to do, huh?
Call immigration?
I could call immigration.
[instrumental music]
I love babies
with their
little baby shoes
and their
little baby toes
and their little hands and..
Okay. You're gonna
have to stop that.
Forever.
[clears throat]
[metal clangs]
Need a new table.
You think?
[instrumental music]
[knock on door]
- Hey, hey, hey. Come on in.
- Hey. Hello.
I, uh, I brought
all the books
and Monica sends her love
along with this lasagna.
Oh, great.
Is it vegetarian,
'cause Susan doesn't eat meat.
I'm pretty sure
that it is. Yeah.
So I got the results
of the amnio today.
Oh, tell me, tell me,
is everything, uh..
Totally and
completely healthy.
Oh, that's great.
That is great.
[sighs]
Hey, when did you and Susan
meet Huey Lewis?
Uh, that's
our friend Tanya.
Of course,
it's your friend Tanya.
Don't you wanna know
about the sex?
The sex?
Yeah, I'm having enough
trouble with the image
of you and Susan together.
When you throw in
Tanya, I'm..
Aah.
The sex of the baby, Ross.
Oh, you know the sex
of the baby?
- Oh. Oh, oh.
- So? So?
- Do you wanna know?
- No, no, no.
No, I don't wanna know.
Absolutely not.
No, I think, you know,
I think you shouldn't know
until you look down
there and see
oh, there it is..
...or isn't.
Oh, hello, Ross.
Susan.
So..
So did you hear?
Yes, we did.
Everything's A okay.
Oh. That's so..
It really is.
- Oh, and do we know?
- What?
We certainly do.
It's going to be--
Ooh! Ah, hey, hey.
Ho, ho. Hello.
See a guy who doesn't want
to know standing right here.
Oh.
Oh, well, is it
what we thought it would be?
Mm-hmm.
[screaming]
Hey. What?
What, uh..
Okay, what-what did we think
it was gonna be?
- We thought--
- No, no, no.
I don't want to know.
Don't want to know.
Okay, you know,
I should probably
I should probably just go.
- Oh, thanks for the books.
- No problem.
Okay.
Oh.
Susan.
Alright, who
should we call first?
Your folks
or Deb and Rona?
[intercom buzzing]
- Hello.
- 'Uh..'
(Ross on intercom)
'Never mind.
I don't wanna know.'
(Chandler)
Okay so just because
it was my table
I have to buy a new one?
That's the rule.
What rule?
There's no rule.
If anything, you owe me a table.
How'd you get there?
Well, I believe this piece
of furniture was fine
until your
little breakfast adventure
with Angela Delvecchio.
You knew about that?
Well, let's just say
the impressions you made
in the butter left little
to the imagination.
Okay, okay.
How about if we split it?
What do you mean?
Like, buy it together?
Yeah.
You think we're ready
for something like that?
Why not?
Well, just that
it's a pretty big commitment.
I mean, what if one of us
wants to move out?
- Why? Are you moving out?
- I'm not moving out.
You'd tell me if you were
moving out, right?
Yes, yes. It's just that, look,
my last roommate, Kip--
Oh, I know all about Kip.
We bought a hibachi together
and then he ran off
and got married
and things got pretty ugly.
Let me ask you something.
Was Kip a better roommate
than me?
Oh, don't do that?
[instrumental music]
You've got a couple changes
in your schedule.
Your 4 o'clock herbal massage
has been pushed back to 4:30
and Miss Summerfield canceled
her 5:30 shiatsu.
Okay. Thanks.
Oh, here comes
your 3 o'clock.
I don't mean to sound
unprofessional, but yum.
Buon giorno, bella Peebie.
Oh. Paolo.
Hi, what are you doing here?
Uh, Racquela tell me..
...you massage, uh.
Yeah, well,
Racquela's right.
Yeah, let's..
[speaking in Italian]
Oh. Okay.
I don't know
what you just said.
So let's just start.
Uh..
I am, uh..
...being naked?
Um, that's really your decision.
'I mean, some people
prefer, you know'
to take off..
Whoo, whoops.
Being naked.
I can't believe
you don't wanna know.
I mean, I couldn't not know.
I mean, if-if the doctor knows
and Carol knows
and Susan knows..
And Monica knows.
Wha..
How could you know?
I don't even know.
Carol called to thank me
for the lasagna.
I asked.
She told me.
So what's it gonna be?
Oh. Hush!
Huh! Oh, great.
Now, he knows
and I don't know.
I'm sorry, I'm just excited
about being an aunt.
Or an uncle.
(together)
'Hey, Phoebe.'
Hi, Pheebs.
Fine.
- Phoebe, what's the matter?
- Nothing, I'm sorry.
I'm just..
I'm out of sorts.
Hey can we get
some cappuccino over here?
Oh, right. That's me.
Hey, Chandler, that table
place closes at 7:00. Come on.
[sighs]
Fine.
Phoebe, what is it?
Alright. You know Paolo?
I'm familiar
with his work. Yes.
Well, he made a move on me.
Whoa! Store will be
open tomorrow.
More coffee
over here please.
[instrumental music]
Hey, what happened?
Well, he came in
for a massage
and everything
was fine until..
- Whoa!
- Oh, my God.
Are you sure?
Oh, yeah, I'm sure.
(Phoebe)
And all of a sudden his hands
weren't the problem anymore.
Was it..
Oh, Boy Scouts could have camped
under there.
(together)
Ooh.
Ooh, what?
- Uma Thurman.
- Oh.
The actress.
[indistinct chatter]
Thanks, Rach.
- So what are you gonna do?
- You have to tell her.
You have to tell her
it's your moral obligation
as a friend, as a woman.
I think it's a feminist issue.
Guys? Guys?
Oh, yeah, you have
to tell her.
Feminist issue
that's where I went.
She is gonna hate me.
Yeah, well..
[instrumental music]
Will you pick one?
Just pick one.
Here, how about that one?
That's patio furniture.
So what, like, people
are gonna come in
and think, uh-oh,
I'm outside again?
Come on.
What about the birds?
I don't know,
birds just don't say
hello, sit here
eat somethin'.
- You pick one.
- Alright.
How about the ladybugs?
Oh, so forget
about the birds
but big, red insects suggest
fine dining.
Fine, you wanna get the birds,
get the birds.
Not like that,
I won't.
Kip would have liked
the birds.
[instrumental music]
- Hey.
- Hi, Pheebs.
Are you moving out?
No, these aren't all
my suitcases.
This one's Paulo's.
(Phoebe)
'Uh..'
Um..
Rachel, can we talk
for a sec?
Well, sure, just for
a sec though
'cause Paolo's
on his way over.
Oh!
Okay. Um..
- Oh, Pheebs..
- Um, okay.
Um..
We haven't known each other
for that long a time
and, um,
there are three things
that you should know
about me.
One, my friends are the most
important thing in my life.
Two, I never lie.
And three, I make
the best oatmeal raisin cookies
in the world.
Okay.
Thanks, Pheebs.
Oh, my God.
Why have I never
tasted these before?
Oh, I don't make them a lot
because I don't think it's fair
to the other cookies.
[clears throat]
Alright, well, you're right.
These are the best
oatmeal raisin cookies
I've ever had.
Which proves
that I never lie.
I guess you don't.
Paolo made a pass at me.
So what do you think?
I think it's the most beautiful
table I've ever seen.
- I know.
- So how does this work?
You're gonna balance the plates
on these little guys' heads?
Who cares?
We'll eat at the sink. Come on.
Heads up, Ross.
Score! You suck.
Are you okay?
I need some milk.
Okay. I've got milk.
Here you go. Oh.
Better?
No.
Oh, I feel so stupid!
Oh, I think about
the other day with you guys
you know and I was all,
oh, Paolo, he's so great!
He makes me feel so...
Oh! God.
I'm so embarrassed.
I'm the one he hit on.
Phoebe, I unleashed him on you,
if I had never met him
this would have
never happened to you.
(together)
I'm so sorry.
- No Phoebe, I'm sorry.
- No, I'm sorry.
- No, I'm sorry!
Oh, wait. Oh..
...what are we sorry about?
I don't know. Right.
- He's the pig.
- Such a pig.
- Oh, God, he's such a pig!
- Oh, he's like a--
He's like a big,
disgusting pig.
- Yeah, like a..
- Pig...pig man.
Yes, good. Okay.
Oh, but he was my pig man.
How did I not see this?
Oh, I know!
Because
he's gorgeous
and he's charming..
And when he
looks at you--
- Okay, okay, Pheebs.
- Oh, the end.
Oh, God.
Should I not
have told you?
No. No, trust me.
It's-it's-it's much better
that I know.
Uh, I just liked it better
before it was better.
[instrumental music]
I think she took it
pretty well.
You know, Paolo's over there
right now, so..
We should get over there
and see if she's okay.
- What? Oh.
- Just one...second.
[cheering]
(together)
Score.
- Game. Nice.
- Yes.
- Come on, Pheebs.
- Ah, ooh!
Well, looks like, uh,
we kicked your butts.
No, no, she kicked
our butts.
You could be on the Olympic
standing-there team.
Come on, two on one.
What are you
still doing here?
She just broke up
with the guy.
It's time for you
to swoop in.
- What? Now?
- Yes, now is when you swoop.
You gotta make sure that
when Paolo walks out of there
the first guy
Rachel sees is you.
She's got to know that
you're everything he's not.
You're like-like
the Anti-Paolo.
My Catholic friend is right.
She's distraught.
You're there for her.
You pick up the pieces,
and then, you usher in..
...the age of Ross.
[instrumental music]
[indistinct chatter]
Ascolta, ascolta,
ascolta..
- How's it going?
- Alright, don't stare.
Okay, she just finished throwing
his clothes off the balcony.
'Now there's just a lot
of gesturing and arm waving.'
Okay, that is either,
how could you?
or enormous breasts.
- Here he comes.
- Oh.
Uh, I am, uh..
...to say goodbye.
Okay, buh-bye.
Paolo..
I really hate you
for what you did to Rachel
but I still
have five of these
so heat it at 375
until the cheese bubbles.
Grazie.
Paolo, I-I just
want to tell you
and I-I think
I'd speak for everyone
when I say..
Oh, just look at her.
Yeah, oh, you guys,
I-I really think
only one of us
should go out there.
- So she's not overwhelmed.
- Oh, you're right.
And I really think
it should be me.
- Hey.
You alright?
Oh, I've been better.
[sighs]
Come here.
Listen, you deserve
so much better than him.
You know,
I mean, you, you..
You should be with a guy
who knows what he has
when he has you.
Oh, Ross.
What?
I'm so sick of guys.
I don't wanna look
at another guy.
I don't wanna think
about another guy.
I-I don't even want to
be near another guy.
[sighs]
Huh.
Oh, Ross, you're so great.
Yeah, ooh..
Hey, honey, are you alright?
- Hmm.
- Are you okay?
Medium.
- Any cookies left?
- Yeah.
See, Rach, um,
see, I don't think
that swearing off guys, uh,
altogether is the answer.
'I really don't,
I think what you need'
is to develop a more
sophisticated screening process.
No. No, I just need to be
by myself for a while, you know?
I just got to figure out
what I want.
Uh, no, no.
See-see, because
not-not all guys out there
are gonna be a-a Paolo.
No, I know, I know,
and I'm sure
your little boy is not
gonna grow up to be one.
- What?
I'm-I'm, I'm have-I'm
havin' a boy?
Uh...no.
No, no, in fact,
you're not having a boy.
Oh, I'm having,
I'm having a boy.
[mumbling]
Huh? Am I having a boy?
(together)
You're having a boy!
- I'm-I'm having a boy!
- Yes.
Oh, I'm having a boy!
(together)
What? What? What is it?
I'm having a boy!
I-I'm having a boy.
(together)
Hey.
We already knew that.
[instrumental music]
I'm having a son.
Um..
[instrumental music]
Yes! And that
would be a shut-down.
(together)
Shut-out!
Where are you guys goin'?
Come on, one more game.
Oh, it's 2:30
in the mornin'.
Yeah. Get out.
You guys are always hanging out
in my apartment.
Come on, I'll only use
my left hand, huh?
Come on, wussies.
- Alright, okay, I gotta go.
- Mm-hmm.
I'm goin'.
And I'm gone.
- One more game?
- Oh, yeah.
[instrumental music]